add ticdc split transaction release note (#13798)
pingcap/docs: ticdc/ticdc-changefeed-config.md

# The default value is false.
# enable-kafka-sink-v2 = false

> # Since v7.1.0, Specifies whether to only output the updated columns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Starting from v7.1.0, this configuration item specifies whether to only output the updated columns.
```
